Welcome back everybody.
Welcome to this final video of our model building process.
In this video we're going to combine the Brinley the results the actual results and the identity of
the users that we have run the model.
So let's begin by making sure we label what we're doing.
So we want a data frame that has all the three columns access features meaning the user and the fire.
The actual result that they use are produced and the predict the result then you start to see if the
most accurate are the final results.
Beaches concatenation out of verse that use or identify or the white test which is the actual value
for the results of these users.
And of course like I mentioned that you said and if I just just identify grey.
So what's next.
We are going to get these on access number one meaning that we are going to make each of these eight
call Fred and that route and we just drop in a force cure for this from this.
Good work.
And then finally we read the final column which is going to be that predicting which or predict the
result either is fine and we're going to call this Wipro again.
So far so good.
And let's just reordered this so that it looks clean and has a sensical order so we can keep it in that
ray of the order that we want which is usurped which comes from that they're going to fire the enrollment
which is the actual result of whether or not the growth and of course the predictor results which is
what we just create.
We're going to reset in this because now that we have joined by in this we don't care anymore so we
sit in next and of course by tropicals true meaning that we're not going to have to returning.
So we run it and there you go.
So let's look at the results that you searched to do 976 and rope.
And actually it was predicted in Robert Wells that the same happens for the second user that 30 years
or the fourth or fifth.
And it is until the sixth usurp index number five that prediction does not match the actual.
That is fine.
So anyways there is always the final step is so that we can show you guys how to combine the results
with the original source many models and many glasses that the pill bottles would just give you the
results and you'll be happy with it.
But of course in industry you need to know who you are predicting so that you can turn it to them specifically.
And in this case is that you certain defier in other data sets it could be an e-mail.
It could be a name or whatever.
Why would you identify that.
Anyways we have finalized our resolve.
We have finalized entire world in process and this is the end of the problem.
Thank you very much for joining me to this entire process.
It was very fun to do from beginning to end and it was very fun to show you guys how these particular
projects call when you're working in the real world.
And the next video we're going to finalize that conclusion Gooding remarks and we're going to get ready
for a coming up projects.
Again thank you very much for watching.
And see you in the next medius.